    Items


Turn to 1 to begin.
1
 Demonstrating how to manage player Inventory. You start the book carrying a sword and a shield. Turn to 12 or go to the autotest at 2. 

2
 If you have the stick then you must turn immediately to 12, and everything else in this section is ignored. You find a book here. If you have the sword you must turn immediately to 5, again ignoring everything that follows. You drop the something valuable here if you have it, then go on to 7.

3
 Congratulations, you won.

4
 OK. That was fun. Turn to 3. 

5
 There is a rope here that can be cut using a sword. If you have one and want to do that, see 4. You can also run to the autotest at 2. Otherwise turn to 3. 

6
 You found something valuable, but there is no way forward, so you head back to 12. 

7
 A magic portal ahead will only allow you to pass if you did not pick up the cursed bracelet, leading you to 6. If you have the cursed bracelet you have to go back to 12 instead. Actually feel free to head back to 12 either way. 

8
 OK stick dropped. Turn back to 12 to confirm stick can not be picked up again even if the text says it is there (books work that way, although ideally this dynamic version should provide some hints that it is no longer there). 

9
 There is a cursed bracelet here. You can go on to 7 or go back to 12. You can also drop the stick for no particular reason if you have it, see 8. 

10
 OK. The door is broken, but so is the sword. Turn to 5. 

11
 There is a locked door here. If you have a key you can use that to open the door, see 5. Being right before the link should be enough for the formatter to figure out that the key is required to be allowed to follow the link. Else you can try to open with the sword, if you have it, see 10. Hopefully the magic is good enough to pair pre-conditions to links, or more markup must be added later. You could also try to go back to pick up the key, see 12. 

12
 You have reached a t-junction. Here you find a key and a stick. You can go west to 11, or east to 9. 

